Deprecate uncordon procedure (#1725)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/reference/procedures.adoc

| xref:reference/procedures.adoc#procedure_dbms_cluster_uncordonServer[`dbms.cluster.uncordonServer()`]
| label:no[]
| label:yes[]

> | label:admin-only[] label:deprecated[Deprecated in 5.8] use `ENABLE SERVER` instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| label:admin-only[] label:deprecated[Deprecated in 5.23] Replaced by xref:clustering/server-syntax.adoc#server-management-syntax[`ENABLE SERVER`].
```

Reviewer: The PR in the codebase will be merged in 5.23. Why is the version here 5.8?

Reviewer: This procedure should be moved to the section on deprecated procedures.

Reviewer: as well as `dbms.cluster.routing.getRoutingTable`

Author: "Replaced by" is not really correct. `ENABLE SERVER` was not introduced to replace this, but it was extended that it can this as well. Back in 5.8 - we just forgot to deprecate it. I guess we now need to say 5.23.

Author: Anyway - what labels does this PR need?

Author: Anyway - what labels does this PR need?

Reviewer: I think 5.23.

[[procedure_dbms_cluster_uncordonServer]]

> [role=label--enterprise-edition label--admin-only label--deprecated-5.8]

Reviewer: same here
